okay we'll continue with the reinauer
chassis or all the tanks on the
renault transport tanks are constructed
But now I have the predator here
took
Predator tank & rast skate 2 5 million
In fact, the hull is definitely points
weaken the armor
and on medium until at the latest
any case long term view that is
actually fact so with armor
11.11.10 does not last long
I refer now to the
versions of course on the rhine
main racer at the predator looks on
a little different so in the model
here
He has a front armor of 13
because it all back a bit
different from the side anyway
so i just have to go from here
hit armor 11 3 rivers and that
not to mention ops
of course from the back so gets points
really are a big big big one
manko in the sixth position was
cool so what that does not quite
but definitely enough for any case
the short-term for the short-term
performance is really cool is or is
the gimmick the little water
Destroyed is a random weapon
is selected is rolled out the
opponent can not get the weapon anymore
choose it but with diced
that means here in the case of the
The Predator thinks that I do not say
as an opponent the laser is gone but it
this is evaluated and between
the laser
the heavy forest and everyone
serious booty on the side individually if
I see that right and a possible one
keep storming up here or something
head packages so that 's one
huge advantage in the demonic
not if the politician with a storm bolte
and grad rocket the best first
does not shoot at all but at most
then at the end of the game is a giant
is a huge bonus to what now
from the impression of again a bit
deviates, it is as far as where the
police armor also another advantage
is that that applies to all tanks and
a stencil generally weapons that of
the template prepared by the
template not only the middle hole
strength 10 is everything and though for
for infantry anyway but also for
other vehicles
the this is when I now
tank with one all only on
would cut then yes is still the
Tank hit with strength 10
that's a huge bonus that I
Of course not on the
renault as such refers to
all protected weapons and stencils
weapons in general that's really cool
can be without robin now to know
deviated from the topic
But should you should
Be aware of it all because of it
yes again disadvantage for the
small tank and what I can say
difference leaf angels space marines
I found in the fifth edition of the
difference
So really crass remains were angels
simply the king what the vehicles
At least they 're going to build that up
maybe something again then
something else
how the difference now is if I am that
I do not know how cool I think
because i can handle all vehicles 12
drive and I can with one
Full throttle still full throttle
give
i can drive with the sheet angels
Of course, in full throttle give it all
Berlin only normal full throttle
introduction of the rich yet so
weapons I can anyway on fire
then to emergency just on quick shots
fast fire
rapid fire and yes I do not know yet
please write down here
in the comments
then we can discuss it again
And that was my thoughts on the tank
on rossis who still has ideas what we
You can also discuss below
in the comments
Thank you and see you next time
so well arrives at